restructure metrics and server-side sampling content (#5479)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/index.mdx

<Note>

> For organizations participating in the limited release of [dynamic sampling](/product/sentry-basics/sampling/), the transaction filter on the Performance page has been simplified. The search bar can only be used to filter by transaction name, rather than to search for transactions matching the query. See [transaction search](/product/performance/filters-display/#filtering-transactions).

Author: ```suggestion
For organizations participating in the Early Adopter program, the transaction filter on the Performance page has been simplified. The search bar can only be used to filter by transaction name, rather than to search for transactions matching the query. See [transaction search](/product/performance/filters-display/#filtering-transactions).
```
